[core] Prioritize AV1 (#11153)
yt-dlp/yt-dlp: README.md

The fields `hasvid` and `ie_pref` are always given highest priority in sorting, irrespective of the user-defined order. This behavior can be changed by using `--format-sort-force`. Apart from these, the default order used is: `lang,quality,res,fps,hdr:12,vcodec,channels,acodec,size,br,asr,proto,ext,hasaud,source,id`. The extractors may override this default order, but they cannot override the user-provided order.

> Note that the default for hdr is `hdr:12`; i.e. dolby vision is not preferred. This choices was made since DV formats are not yet fully compatible with most devices. This may be changed in the future.

Reviewer: any reason for the case change?
```suggestion
Note that the default for hdr is `hdr:12`; i.e. dolby vision is not preferred. This choice was made since DV formats are not yet fully compatible with most devices. This may be changed in the future.
```

Author: > any reason for the case change?

I made this PR ~4 months ago and so during rebase I forgot about the case change.

* `avconv` is not supported as an alternative to `ffmpeg`
* yt-dlp stores config files in slightly different locations to youtube-dl. See [CONFIGURATION](#configuration) for a list of correct locations
* The default [output template](#output-template) is `%(title)s [%(id)s].%(ext)s`. There is no real reason for this change. This was changed before yt-dlp was ever made public and now there are no plans to change it back to `%(title)s-%(id)s.%(ext)s`. Instead, you may use `--compat-options filename`

> * The default [format sorting](#sorting-formats) is different from youtube-dl and prefers higher resolution and better codecs rather than higher bitrates. You can use the `--format-sort` option to change this to any order you prefer, or use `--compat-options format-sort` to use youtube-dl's sorting order. Older versions of yt-dlp preferred VP9 due to broader compatibility, you can return to that format sorting using `--compat-options prefer-vp9-sort`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The default [format sorting](#sorting-formats) is different from youtube-dl and prefers higher resolution and better codecs rather than higher bitrates. You can use the `--format-sort` option to change this to any order you prefer, or use `--compat-options format-sort` to use youtube-dl's sorting order. Older versions of yt-dlp preferred VP9 due to its broader compatibility; you can revert to that format sorting preference using `--compat-options prefer-vp9-sort`
```

> * The default [format sorting](#sorting-formats) is different from youtube-dl and prefers higher resolution and better codecs rather than higher bitrates. You can use the `--format-sort` option to change this to any order you prefer, or use `--compat-options format-sort` to use youtube-dl's sorting order. Older versions of yt-dlp preferred VP9 due to its broader compatibility; you can revert to that format sorting preference using `--compat-options prefer-vp9-sort`

Reviewer: should we note that these two compat opts cannot be used together?

Author: I believe that is pretty obvious, but if you want we can add a line
> These two compat options can't be used together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The default [format sorting](#sorting-formats) is different from youtube-dl and prefers higher resolution and better codecs rather than higher bitrates. You can use the `--format-sort` option to change this to any order you prefer, or use `--compat-options format-sort` to use youtube-dl's sorting order. Older versions of yt-dlp preferred VP9 due to its broader compatibility; you can use `--compat-options prefer-vp9-sort` to revert to that format sorting preference. These two compat options cannot be used together
```

Reviewer 2: Will that cause issues with `--compat-options youtube-dl`?

Reviewer: no

Reviewer: we could add `-prefer-vp9-sort` to the `youtube-dl` alias, but `format-sort` overrides it anyways so it's not necessary. still might not be a bad idea to do so though

Author: Added
